Noisy Rusty Wasp

medium

# Attempting to Restore Suspended Transactions Always Reverts Due to Unset `invalidBridgedAmountsPool`

## Summary
The current implementation lacks a setter function for `invalidBridgedAmountsPool` in `BridgeStorage.layout`, preventing the restoration of suspended transactions, which always reverts due to the unset state variable.

## Vulnerability Detail
In the `restoreBridgeTransaction` function within `BridgeFacetImpl.sol`, an attempt is made to restore a suspended bridge transaction. However, the code assumes that `invalidBridgedAmountsPool` is set to a non-zero address, which is not possible because there is no setter function defined to initialize this state variable. Consequently, any attempt to restore a suspended transaction fails and reverts due to this uninitialized state variable.

## Impact
The absence of a mechanism to set `invalidBridgedAmountsPool` prevents the successful restoration of suspended transactions. This limitation hinders the operational functionality of the `restoreBridgeTransaction` function, rendering it ineffective until `invalidBridgedAmountsPool` can be properly initialized.

## Code Snippet

[restoreBridgeTransaction](https://github.com/SYMM-IO/protocol-core/blob/develop/contracts/facets/Bridge/BridgeFacetImpl.sol#L88)
```solidity
function restoreBridgeTransaction(uint256 transactionId, uint256 validAmount) internal {
    BridgeStorage.Layout storage bridgeLayout = BridgeStorage.layout();
    BridgeTransaction storage bridgeTransaction = bridgeLayout.bridgeTransactions[transactionId];

    require(bridgeTransaction.status == BridgeTransactionStatus.SUSPENDED, "BridgeFacet: Invalid status");
    require(bridgeLayout.invalidBridgedAmountsPool != address(0), "BridgeFacet: Zero address");

    AccountStorage.layout().balances[bridgeLayout.invalidBridgedAmountsPool] += (bridgeTransaction.amount - validAmount);
    bridgeTransaction.status = BridgeTransactionStatus.RECEIVED;
    bridgeTransaction.amount = validAmount;
}
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement a setter function for `invalidBridgedAmountsPool` to allow initialization during contract deployment or through a function accessible only to authorized roles. This setter function should enable the assignment of a valid address to `invalidBridgedAmountsPool`, ensuring the proper functionality of the `restoreBridgeTransaction` function.