Dancing Navy Condor

high

# Suspended users can receive funds

## Summary

Suspended users can receive funds from others. As a result, funds will be transferred to a suspended account, leading to funds being frozen. No user error is required for this issue to be triggered.  This issue can happen under normal circumstances due to how blockchain transactions work. Refer to the "Impact" section for more details.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `AccountFacet.allocate` function has a `notSuspended(msg.sender)` modifier to ensure that no collateral is being allocated to a suspended account.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-symmetrical-update-2/blob/main/protocol-core/contracts/facets/Account/AccountFacet.sol#L48

```solidity
File: AccountFacet.sol
46: 	/// @notice Allows Party A to allocate a specified amount of collateral. Allocated amounts are which user can actually trade on.
47: 	/// @param amount The precise amount of collateral to be allocated, specified in 18 decimals.
48: 	function allocate(uint256 amount) external whenNotAccountingPaused notSuspended(msg.sender) notLiquidatedPartyA(msg.sender) {
49: 		AccountFacetImpl.allocate(amount);
..SNIP..
52: 	}
```

However, malicious users can bypass this invariant or restriction by exploiting the newly implemented `AccountFacet.internalTransfer` function. This function only checks if the sender (`msg.sender`) is suspended but does not check if the recipient (`user`) is suspended. Thus, it is possible to allocate funds to a suspended user.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-symmetrical-update-2/blob/main/protocol-core/contracts/facets/Account/AccountFacet.sol#L79

```solidity
File: AccountFacet.sol
79: 	function internalTransfer(address user, uint256 amount) external whenNotInternalTransferPaused notPartyB userNotPartyB(user) notSuspended(msg.sender) notLiquidatedPartyA(user){
80: 		AccountFacetImpl.internalTransfer(user, amount);
..SNIP..
85: 	}
```

## Impact

Funds will be transferred to a suspended account, leading to funds being frozen. No user error is required for this issue to be triggered. This issue can happen under normal circumstances due to how blockchain transactions work. Consider the following scenario:

1. Alice wants to allocate funds from her account to Bob's account
2. Alice did her due diligence. She used Etherscan or Foundry's cast to check to check that `AccountStorage.layout().suspendedAddresses[Bob]`is false (not suspended) before submitting the transaction.
3. Alice sees that Bob's is not suspended, so she submits an `internalTransfer` transaction to the mempool to allocate funds from her account to Bob's account.
4. The protocol admin submits a `suspendedAddress` transaction to suspend Bob's account shortly afterward
5. Both `internalTransfer` and `suspendedAddress` transactions reside in the mempool. Since `suspendedAddress` TX has a higher gas fee than `internalTransfer` TX, it will be executed first.
6. When `internalTransfer` TX gets executed, the funds will be allocated to a suspended Bob account.

Note that in Step 3, there is no way for Alice to know that the protocol admin is going to submit a `suspendedAddress` transaction after her.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-symmetrical-update-2/blob/main/protocol-core/contracts/facets/Account/AccountFacet.sol#L79

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The internal transfer should only proceed if the recipient has not been suspended. With this fix, Alice's `internalTransfer` TX will automatically revert to the earlier scenario.

```diff
- function internalTransfer(address user, uint256 amount) external whenNotInternalTransferPaused notPartyB userNotPartyB(user) notSuspended(msg.sender) notLiquidatedPartyA(user){
+ function internalTransfer(address user, uint256 amount) external whenNotInternalTransferPaused notPartyB userNotPartyB(user) notSuspended(msg.sender) notSuspended(user) notLiquidatedPartyA(user){
  AccountFacetImpl.internalTransfer(user, amount);
```