Teeny Lava Robin

Medium

# `restoreBridgeTransaction` Function in `BridgeFacet` Contract will update accounting states even if the accounting is paused

## Summary
The `restoreBridgeTransaction` function in the `BridgeFacet` contract is intended to restore a previously suspended bridge transaction and update the valid transaction amount. However, this function does not include the `whenNotAccountingPaused` modifier, which is used to prevent users from changing balances. This poses a potential inconsistency, as the `restoreBridgeTransaction` function in the `BridgeFacetImpl` library updates the balance without this check.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `restoreBridgeTransaction` function in the `BridgeFacet` contract does not include the `whenNotAccountingPaused` modifier, which is used to prevent balance changes when the accounting is paused. This can lead to an inconsistency in the contract state if the accounting is paused while a `DISPUTE_ROLE` user attempts to restore a bridge transaction and update the valid transaction amount.

```solidity
	function restoreBridgeTransaction(uint256 transactionId, uint256 validAmount) internal {
		BridgeStorage.Layout storage bridgeLayout = BridgeStorage.layout();
		BridgeTransaction storage bridgeTransaction = bridgeLayout.bridgeTransactions[transactionId];

		require(bridgeTransaction.status == BridgeTransactionStatus.SUSPENDED, "BridgeFacet: Invalid status");
		require(bridgeLayout.invalidBridgedAmountsPool != address(0), "BridgeFacet: Zero address");

@>>		AccountStorage.layout().balances[bridgeLayout.invalidBridgedAmountsPool] += (bridgeTransaction.amount - validAmount);
		bridgeTransaction.status = BridgeTransactionStatus.RECEIVED;
		bridgeTransaction.amount = validAmount;
	}
```

## Impact
The missing `whenNotAccountingPaused` modifier in the `restoreBridgeTransaction` function allows `DISPUTE_ROLE` users to update balances even when the accounting is paused. This can result in incorrect balance updates and potential inconsistencies in the contract state.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-symmetrical-update-2/blob/f5b76ca33f5f05b927a9c0f2f57938e919d6420b/protocol-core/contracts/facets/Bridge/BridgeFacetImpl.sol#L90

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Include the `whenNotAccountingPaused` modifier in the `restoreBridgeTransaction` function in the `BridgeFacet` contract to ensure that balance updates are only allowed when the accounting is not paused. This will help maintain consistency in the contract state and prevent potential issues related to incorrect balance updates.